Since we’re getting rid of the Tasks tab, we’re gonna put all the tasks into the Messages tab. The Coach can assign a task by going into the conversation with their client in the Coach app Messages tab and clicking a button that says “Assign Task” in the top left corner.
A pop up box will appear that says “What’s the task?”. Beneath that text will be a text box that allows the Coach to write out whatever they want.
Once the coach is done writing, at the bottom of the pop up box underneath the text box, they can select one of two buttons that say “Assign” and “Cancel”
Once the Coach clicks “Assign”, the task will appear in both the Coach’s and the Client’s messages in a box that says “Task” with the actual task written out beneath it.
The client can click one of two buttons that say “Accept” or “Reject”. When they hit Accept, it’ll appear in their Home screen near the top until they complete the task. In which case, they would hit the “Complete” button. If they click “Reject”, a pop up box will appear that says “Why?” with a text box beneath it that allows the Client to write out their reason.
If the Client rejects and gives the reason, the Coach will be notified in their messages so they can see it. That rejection with the reason will appear in a box inside the message conversation just like the assigned task.
From there the Coach can select from two buttons that say “Suggest an Alternative” or “Leave It Alone”. If they click “Suggest an Alternative”, the same task writing pop up box will appear except the text will say “What else can they do” and the buttons below the text box will say “Suggest” and “Nevermind”.
When the Coach clicks Suggest, that suggestion will appear in the messages on both the Coach’s and Client’s end as a box that says “Alternative” at the top with the suggestion text beneath it. Below it are buttons that say “Accept” or “Reject”.
The Client can reject as many tasks as they need to until the Coach writes an alternative the Client will click “Accept” on.
